Added RemoteProjectID to Project structs (#112)
iver-wharf/wharf-api: CHANGELOG.md

  - `test_result_summary.file_name`
  - `token.user_name`

> - Added new field `RemoteProjectID` to: (#112)
> 
>   - `pkg/model/database.Project`
>   - `pkg/model/request.Project`
>   - `pkg/model/response.project`

Reviewer: typo project->Project

Also, I think it's fine to just say "the project model"

```suggestion
- Added new field `RemoteProjectID` to the project model. (#112)
```
